Test Plan
Shady Meadows B&B - Restful Booker Platform
Version 1.0
Created: 20/05/2021
Last Updated: 29/05/2021
Author: Mejrima Icanovic



1.	INTRODUCTION
1.1.Purpouse
This test plan describes the testing approach and overall framework that will drive the testing of the
Shady Meadows B&B Restful-booker-platform Version 1.3
The document introduces:
•	Test Strategy: rules the test will be based on, including the givens of the project (e.g.: start / end dates,
objectives,assumptions); description of the process to set up a valid test (e.g.: entry / exit criteria, creation of
 test cases, specific tasks to perform).
•	Execution Strategy: describes how the test will be performed and process to identify and report defects,
 and to fix and implement fixes.

1.2.Project Overview
Shady Meadows B&B is an application for booking a room with breakfast. The application is available in online and admin
 versions. The online application offers the possibility of booking rooms, with different specifications in a certain
 period of time. You can also contact the owner for additional questions. Below is a map in which the location of the
 Shady Meadows B&B is entered.
The admin version has more features. You have the option to create additional rooms, to change basic information and
details about the Shady Meadows B&B, you also have access to reservations, and to view reservations in the calendar.

2.TEST STRATEGY
2.1.Test Objectives
The objective of the test is to verify that the functionality of  Shady Meadows B&B - Restful Booker Platform
Version 1.3 works according to the specifications.
The test will execute and verify the test scripts, identify all high and medium severity defects per the entrance
criteria, prioritize lower severity defects.
The final product of the test is :
•	A set of stable test scripts that can be reused for Functional and UAT test execution.

2.2. Levels of Testing
2.2.1.	Exploratory
PURPOSE: the purpose of this test is to make sure critical defects are removed before the next levels of testing can
start.
SCOPE:  First level navigation, dealer and admin modules
METHOD: this exploratory testing is carried out in the application without any test scripts and documentation.

2.2.2.	Functional Test
PURPOSE:  Functional testing will be performed to check the functions of application. The functional testing is carried
out by feeding the input and validates the output from the application.

2.2.3. API
PURPOSE: Test the APIs create for the software under tested.

2.3.Scope of testing
2.3.1. Feature to be tested

BOOKING ROOMS
The user can book a room at different times.
The admin can review bookings.

CONTACTING THE OWNER
The user can write private messages to the owner.
The admin can view and open messages from the user.

CREATING A NEW ROOM
The admin can create a new room, with different specifications.
In the online version we can view the created rooms.

BRANDING
The admin has permission to change the basic information about the Shady Meadows B&B
The user will see these changes on the home page.

2.3.2.Feature not to be tested
These feature are not be tested
- Hardware Interfaces
- Software Interfaces
- Database logical
- Website Security and Performance

3. EXECUTION STRATEGY
3.1. Entry and Exit Criteria
•	The entry criteria refer to the desirable conditions in order to start test execution.
•	The exit criteria are the desirable conditions that need to be met in order proceed with the implementation.
•	Entry and exit criteria are flexible benchmarks. If they are not met, the test team will assess the risk, identify
 mitigation actions and provide a recommendation.
•	Entry criteria to start the execution phase of the test: the activities listed in the Test Planning section of the
 schedule are 100% completed.
•	Entry criteria to start each cycle: the activities listed in the Test Execution section of the schedule are
 100% completed at each cycle.

4.DEFECTS
Critical
•	This bug is critical enough to crash the system, cause file corruption, or cause potential data loss
•	It causes an abnormal return to the operating system (crash or a system failure message appears).
•	It causes the application to hang and requires re-booting the system.
High
•	It causes a lack of vital program functionality with workaround
Medium
•	This Bug will degrade the quality of the System.  However there is an intelligent workaround for achieving the
 desired functionality - for example through another screen.
•	This bug prevents other areas of the product from being tested. However other areas can be independently tested.
Low
•	There is an insufficient or unclear error message, which has minimum impact on product use.
Cosmetical
•	There is an insufficient or unclear error message that has no impact on product use.

TEST ENVIRONMENT
Shady Meadows B&B - Restful Booker Platform Version 1.3
A windows environment with Version 89.0.4389.128 (Official Build) (64-bit) and later should be available.

TEST CASES
